now I've had a few people asking me
about how
setup your ax in fliter and this is mine
but very one that hit the control tower
just a week or so ago and as you can see
it still looks stunning condition having
encountered such a large and heavy
object and I'm gonna show you what I
what I've done to set mine up inside now
I prefer to buy the 8 RF vision which
has just the motor and the airframe no
speed control in most surveys the reason
for that is because you can put better
surveys in than the standard ones for
realies no extra cost
now if we look inside here you can see I
have the free sky receiver just a bit of
velcro here against that firewall makes
nice and easy to get it in and out about
two of the little hobbyking up a 10-gram
orange servos they work extremely well
in this application and for speed
control and this is the reason i don't
really like the ready to fly version
with the built-in speed control and all
the servos installers because they give
you a 20 amp speed control that only has
a 2 amp baked and 1/10 my secular side
you see and this one I put the hobbyking
super simple 25-30 speed controller and
this has a 3 amp big and it makes all
the difference because before servos to
ant just isn't enough to give you
reliable servo operation if I look
underneath on the wings you'll see that
I've got the orange hobbyking servos and
the wings as well and I just held them
with a bit of double-sided tape works
extremely well so that's how I've set it
up in the speed controller some people
like to shove it right down the back
here I've kicked it up the front it
looks a bit Messier but it does mean
that I can put other stuff up here my
fpv without having to worry about the
speed control it creating any
interference now as for the batteries as
they come they're supposed to use I
think a sixteen hundred million per hour
battery fifteen or sixteen hundred that
is really too small to have a lot of fun
so you want a 2200 this is a zippe
flight max 2200 and sonia well not many
seas alphabet fifteen or twenty co-sign
it's the perfect battery for this plan
you have to carve a little bit out of
the phone but it slides in here i'm very
nicely indeed and makes it just the
right center of gravity it's a 1 foot
you get it you get for 30 or 35 minutes
out of one of these batteries if you're
just talling around slowly and another
tip with batteries is see the balance
leads quite often or is that quite often
I've had several occasions when inside
here the balance leads the wires become
disconnected from these cells so to
avoid that happening
if you rip some of the glass reinforced
tape around the end pull the buttbounce
leads down here takes the stress or fear
so that you don't have to worry about
those balance leads becoming
disconnected inside and ruining your
battery place a little to just tape
those leads down and you'll never have
that problem just what I do with all my
packs now never had a problem since
doing that now obviously when you put
this all in
I put the battery in then I put the
speak control on the top I'll show you I
have to put the camera down to do this
because I don't have the tripod here
today so just one moment please
now as you can see I've got the battery
on I just put the speed controller on
the top II some people put this P
controller underneath but I like to go
to get at mine by putting my speaker on
the top I can just push it forward a
little bit push the wires into this end
of that nose doing it one-handed makes
it a lot harder there we go
then I can play my venture into here and
everything is well away from the
receiver antenna wire which sits way up
here
of course the axon has a little magnetic
catch on one end and on the other end
cups under this little pocket on it this
little piece of plastic here so that
just clips under there as you can see
you can see on my ex in my aggression
and again one-handed this is a bit of a
chore anyway doesn't like that but one
thing you should do what we're doing is
if I can find it which I can't it's
using a big rubber band on the canopy
just to make doubly sure things that
gonna fall out especially if you're
hooning around doing inverted and rolls
and all sorts of things because that
battery comes loose it could push the
canopy off one time you will make it a
bit not enough to hold it really sir a
rubber band around here so that's
basically my eggs input it's all stock
apartment stock motor
everything else is did stock um no real
problems the only public hip where this
is gonna hit the tower this hinge here
ripped a bit so I just put some of that
glass reinforced tape on it again just
to stop it from coming off seems to be
working perfectly fine and as you can
see it's been a bit of fpv gear going on
here and it's coming real soon on the
a/c model reviews channel and the beer
kick TV this is the plane that will be
doing the beer back if P V and all the
fpv gear should mount on the top here so
you don't have to worry about what's
going on inside sketching fit tune in to
RC model reviews the channel tell your
friends about it and very very soon that
series will kick off with this model the
welding visor if V V Weiser and the
other bits and pieces you've been
waiting for so thank you for
and if you have any questions on the ice
inflator then just drop them on the
bottom of this video just in a little
bit down this I'm eternally there's a
box where you can put your comments or
your comments in there and I'll do my
best to answer your questions
[Music]